You say
The results of a full investigation of the story have just come out
It doesn't matter what the story handles
After the impact of this good news
Story All stocks rose by the daily limit today
Found so much
Impossible me I clearly
You let Ye Shuanghe steal my financial information
Right? This middle score should be enough for Ye Shuang and taking pictures.
So it was a trap you set in the first place
When did you start to know
I've been since you fainted at the kiosk
The feeling of being drunk and drugged
I know you well
The reason why I follow you
It's just to fish for Gu Kai
Nini
Sorry for keeping it from you for so long.
Make him sad and learn that you will only talk about your business
Airley is suspected of falsifying evidence
Don't trust others
Please give us an introductory call.
It's all your fault for not being successful enough
How can you blame me?
It's all according to your orders
Go go and
Sorry, everybody.
I just dealt with a little of our family affairs
Made you laugh
So now let's discuss
New arrangements for the board of directors
Gu Yunting, you actually whitened me for so long
Do you have any idea how worried I was about you?
Yining, thank you for always being there for me.
Just this once?
Next time we plan, you have to tell me.
Okay, I'll tell you everything.
Tell you
Then let's make up.